2018 -> 2020 in roadmap (#16035)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/roadmap.rst

no way a promise that it will happen, as resources are limited. Rather, it
is an indication that help is welcomed on this topic.

Statement of purpose: Scikit-learn in 2020
------------------------------------------

> Eleven years after the inception of Scikit-learn, much has changed in the

Reviewer: It's more than 11 years then?

> Eleven years after the inception of Scikit-learn, much has changed in the

Author: ```suggestion
More than ten years after the inception of Scikit-learn, much has changed in the
```
